How to Create a User Account in the Microsoft 365 Admin Center
Prerequisites

    You must have admin permissions in the Microsoft 365 Admin Center to create user accounts.

Steps to Create a User Account
1. Sign In to Microsoft 365 Admin Center

    Open a web browser and go to the Microsoft 365 Admin Center.
    Sign in with your admin account credentials.

2. Navigate to the Users Section

    In the left-hand navigation pane, select Users.
    Under Users, click on Active users.

3. Add a New User

    At the top of the Active users page, click on + Add a user.
    Fill in the user's information:
        First name: Enter the user's first name.
        Last name: Enter the user's last name.
        Display name: This will be automatically populated based on the first and last name but can be edited.
        Username: Enter the username. This will be the user's first initial followed by their full last name (e.g., FLastName@example.com).

4. Set the Password

    Automatically create a password
    Keep "Require this user to change their password when they first sign in" checked
    Send the password to the user's manager and yourself incase the user's manager is not in on that day

5. Assign Licenses

    Assign the user at least an Office 365 E3 license AND a Microsoft 365 Business Voice (US) license.  If none are available you may purchase the license.

6. Review and Finish O365 section

    Review the information you have entered.
    Click Add at the bottom of the page to create the user account.

7. Log into Azure

  Log into portal.azure.com with your admin account credentials.

8. Navigate to Microsoft Entra ID and to the new user

    On the top of the screen, select the search bar and type "Microsoft Entra ID"
    On the left-hand side, select "Users" and locate the new user made

9. Edit the new user's properties to match their information

    Above the user's basic information, select "Edit properties" and select the tab "Job Information"
    Under department, type in the user's respective department matching the user's manager  ###THIS IS FOR DYNAMIC ENTRA ID GROUPS.  SPELLING AND CAPITALIZATION MATTERS
    Under employee ID, type the whether the user is full_time, temp, or manager  ###THIS IS DUE TO HOW DYNAMIC ENTRA ID GROUPS WORK AS "Employee type" IS NOT SUPPORTED AT THIS TIME

10. Review the information

    Review the information and verify that it is correct and select Save.
    
